Well before you wind up this particular section.
I also wanted to cover one more thing that I've missed covering, which is the message placeholders.
So inside this particular chat prompt template, we can also use what is called as the message prompts
if I wanted to.
So let's say I'm just going to cover this entire thing here.
And I'm going to put a markdown and I'm going to say a message placeholder.
Uh, that is what I'm going to be covering here.
So I'm going to put the code and paste this guy.
And for the message placeholder we just have to import this, uh, message placeholder.
And let me get rid of this, uh, human message and the chat prompt template, because I'm not going
to use, uh, this one, but I'm going to be using this way because it is straightforward.
Uh, here we go.
Yeah.
The code looks better this time.
We don't even have to print the prompt template code.
So over here in the Chat prompt template class.
So we have passed this system message and the user message.
We can also pass what is called as a placeholder.
So the placeholder we can pass it something like this.
For instance, instead of us passing as a user message over here, like what is the advantage of running
the AI model like a user?
We can now pass this entire thing as the message placeholder itself.
So I'm going to just say, uh, message placeholder.
And over here I'm just going to say the entire message.
It's not just about the environment that we are passing in, but the entire message that I'm going to
be passing in over here.
And now I can just say in the prompt template of the invoke over here, I'm going to say message, and
I'm going to pass the entire message.
But this time I'm going to be passing it as a human message.
So for human messages, there is another import that we have to do which is going to be, uh, in court,
uh, messages, uh, import something called as human message.
And this human message, I can pass it over here like human message.
Maybe it's an array.
So I'm going to say human message.
Um, and I'm going to pass what is the advantage of running LLM in local machine.
And this way you are essentially replacing the prompt template with all the methods that you have got
with just this particular value over here.
So you have the power of, uh, setting the value from outside of this particular chat prompt template
from this particular, uh, message placeholder.
So this message placeholder is going to act as a placeholder for you to pass an entire message from
outside so that you don't have to rely on hard coded value in the chat prompt template all the time,
so that is something you can do it as well.
And because we have got this message placeholder over here, you also have got a shorthand way of parsing
it.
A shorthand way is nothing, but you can just say a placeholder and then you can just say message.
And this message is going to be sorry on the bracket.
And now you can just say message.
And then you can just pass the same thing over here.
And if you try to run this it's just going to work as well.
So that is how you do it from this particular chat prompt template.
So you don't really have to include this message prompt template for that matter.
You can just use the normal way of doing it as well.
So this is another way of you using the message placeholder for your chat prompt template while you
invoke it.
And there is one more thing which I also wanted to cover is this instead of you doing an invoke over
here because you see that every single time I tried to run this particular code, it is actually going
to take so much of time to get the response out of the large language model.
The reason why is because we are actually using what is called as an invoke method, because this invoke
method is going to print all the value in one single shot, like like this.
As you can see over here.
Instead, if I want to print the value every single time while the generation of the text is going to
happen, then we can stream the output out from this particular, um, output, which is coming from
the large language model.
So the way I can do it is I can just put a stream there.
So there is this method called a stream, which is going to stream the output which is coming up from
this particular, uh, particular response.
So but because this is going to be a stream, I need to do a for loop for that matter.
So I'm going to say for uh streamed uh, or maybe for stream, uh, in this particular stream that we
have got, and I wanted to print the entire stream, for that matter.
So I'm just going to say print, uh, str dot and because we need to print the content, I'm just going
to print the content over here.
So now what's going to happen if I try to run this code.
You will notice that it is going to print all the value for me.
Look at that.
The text generation is going to happen.
So if I go to the text editor you will notice that it is going to print generate all the text instantly
for me, like how the ChatGPT does.
And then it's going to print the value for me over there.
I know that the text is not quite aligned like how it is doing over here, but yeah, but you got the
idea right, like how you can actually stream the value out as well.
So these are the things that is required while we build the chatbot, because we are going to stream
the output instead of really invoking the output out from it.
That is how we do it over there.
So this is how we can work with the message placeholder and stream method of the Lang chain.